Update changelog for Untangle Encryption Evaluation #2551 (#2572)
opentofu/opentofu: CHANGELOG.md

- `pg` backend doesn't fail on workspace creation for paralel runs, when the database is shared across multiple projects. ([#2411](https://github.com/opentofu/opentofu/pull/2411))
- Generating an OpenTofu configuration from an `import` block that is referencing a resource with nested attributes now works correctly, instead of giving an error that the nested computed attribute is required. ([#2372](https://github.com/opentofu/opentofu/issues/2372)) 
- `base64gunzip` now doesn't expose sensitive values if it fails during the base64 decoding. ([#2503](https://github.com/opentofu/opentofu/pull/2503))

> - Fix loading only the nessesary encryption key_providers and methods for better terraform_remote_state data support. ([2551](https://github.com/opentofu/opentofu/issues/2551))

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Fix loading only the necessary encryption key providers and methods for better `terraform_remote_state` support. ([2551](https://github.com/opentofu/opentofu/issues/2551))
```
